Updating sda page (#4)
Fil/pangea: src/party/sda.md

# Simple data analysis

[Simple data analysis](https://github.com/nshiab/simple-data-analysis), a library maintained by computational journalist Nael Shiab, purports to be “a high-performance and convenient solution in JavaScript for data analysis. It’s based on DuckDB and inspired by Pandas (Python) and the Tidyverse (R).”

```js echo
import { SimpleWebDB } from "https://esm.sh/jsr/@nshiab/simple-data-analysis@3.15.3/web";
```

```js echo
// We start a new instance of SimpleWebDB
const sdb = new SimpleWebDB();

// We create a new table.
const tableTemperature = sdb.newTable("temperature");

// We fetch daily temperatures for three cities.
await tableTemperature.fetchData(
  "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nshiab/simple-data-analysis/main/test/data/files/dailyTemperatures.csv",

> );

Reviewer: Note to self: host this file in /data/

# Simple data analysis

> [Simple data analysis](https://github.com/nshiab/simple-data-analysis), a
> library maintained by computational journalist Nael Shiab, purports to be “a
> high-performance and convenient solution in JavaScript for data analysis. It's
> based on DuckDB and inspired by Pandas (Python) and the Tidyverse (R).”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Simple data analysis](https://github.com/nshiab/simple-data-analysis), a library maintained by computational journalist Nael Shiab, purports to be “a high-performance and convenient solution in JavaScript for data analysis. It’s based on DuckDB and inspired by Pandas (Python) and the Tidyverse (R).”
```

```js echo

> import { SimpleWebDB } from "https://esm.sh/jsr/@nshiab/simple-data-analysis@3.15.3/web";

Reviewer: I'd want this to work:

```
import {SimpleWebDB} from "jsr:@nshiab/simple-data-analysis@3/web";
```

unfortunately it fails with `Missing "./web" specifier in "@jsr/nshiab__simple-data-analysis" package`, which may be an issue with the package or with framework (?). I'm not sure how to fix it yet.

Note that ideally, I'd want this:
```
import {SimpleWebDB} from "jsr:@nshiab/simple-data-analysis@3";
```

Reviewer: I would also want to use a self-hosted version of DuckDB, instead of loading it from jsdeliver

Author: From what I see in the console when I switch to `import { SimpleWebDB } from "jsr:@nshiab/simple-data-analysis@3.15.3/web";`, it's a problem with the library. I'll investigate and come back to you!
